[Music]
foreign
ads actually work so Neil I I came up
with this this topic because I was
looking at a tweet it says why B2B
companies
Buy Airport ads so vast majority of it
buyers travel and according to Nielsen
80 notice airport ads 42 percent take
action after seeing an airport ad 36
percent visit a website associated with
an airport ad and so then it also says
900 million Flyers will board a plane
via an HSBC branded gate this year
have you seen the HSBC brand new gates a
lot of times when you board a terminal
says HSBC I've seen that for so many
years it's great branding yup but do you
use HSBC
uh actually I do
but I use them before that I
back in the day we were banking with the
bank acquired that bank got a card by
another bank and that bank eventually
got acquired by HSBC so that's how I
ended up there not because I signed up
with HSBC it was more so a bank account
that I had when I was like eight years
old with my dad I remember when the
crypto stuff was really hot it was a it
was a bull market right and all the
Miami Airport ads were like block fly it
was like this exchange that exchange
actually when I went to Turkey recently
Neil there's a crypto exchange that has
all the gates branded literally like
it's like inscribed into the gate and
like they took over everything right I
did go to their website afterwards I
started looking them up um so I actually
took it action there so yeah they're
effective you know just because offline
advertising isn't digital anymore uh
some of it's starting to emerge into
digital and they're adjusting it
um such as making these offline you know
Billboards All Digital and you can buy
them through
um the web but the thing is is people
wouldn't be doing them if it didn't work
so the question is is how can you end up
leveraging ads whether offline or
they're digital or online whatever you
want to calling it the real question is
is does it convert and which channels
and just like normal online ads that you
guys are buying the offline ones we see
some work we see some don't you can't
just go buy offline ads and expect them
all to work extremely well you gotta
think about where are your Target
customers and audience how do you get in
front of them and more importantly
what's it creative that you use to grab
their attention so that they're willing
to take action so there's a lot of
variables that can make an ad work or
not work it's more so if it's not about
if it's online or offline it's more so
can you do all the other elements well
and can you get it at a reasonable price
because you're overpaying for it it's
going to make it that much harder for it
to work
yeah marketing 101 at the end of the day
is just finding where the attention is
where your where your audience is
hanging out what why is it when you're
driving on the freeway you see a lot of
these um personal injury lawyers and
like all this different stuff we're like
go buy weed from this store over here
because people are stuck in traffic and
then you're getting a lot of that that
real estate so it just depends and it is
important to look at where you can not
only find where your talk where your
target audience is hanging out but where
the attention is underpriced yes
um do you remember that story what was
the company that sold to eBay the guy uh
who was it eBay CEO was it Meg Whitman
that was it yeah and what they would do
is they had billboard ads targeting her
drive to work and home and they kept
showing their company and they ended up
getting uh acquired really effective
strategy they got purchased by eBay so
it can work you just got to get creative
with it and I think that's a problem
that most people struggle not just with
offline ads but also their online is how
do you get super creative and do
something unique so that way it not just
stands out but it grabs people's
attention you know the it buyers are
typical sorry the it marketers are they
typically aren't that creative and so
when you go to airport he's like
um the best servers or whatever so you
like see like these these whatever like
who gives a trip right you're so right
they're like best servers
99.9999 reliability like it's just it's
like oh okay they're not getting
creative at all with them and just
because your buyers are I.T buyers
doesn't mean that they don't want to be
entertained yes they're in I.T but
they're humans just like you and I so
try to be a little bit more creative
with your advertising yeah you gotta you
gotta evoke emotion right so I believe
with AWS what they do is like build on
AWS and what they do is they're there's
kind of a story behind it's like this
big company Airbnb Builds on AWS right
and I don't know if they actually do but
that's an example it's like oh well
Airbnb does it maybe we should take a
look at AWS right that evokes emotion
and that's what good marketing is yeah
and the funny part is is right now
everyone's like AI this and AI that and
how it's gonna really change everything
but the thing about AI is if you're
doing the same thing as everyone else
it's going to create more me too
campaigns and when we say me too we're
not talking about uh gender or that
women's movement of harassment we're
talking about me too like where's Waldo
right with where's Waldo everyone's in
that you have to find Waldo where he's
in that white and red striped shirt and
now everyone's looking like where's
Waldo in which you know everything's
blending in because everyone's using the
same tools to create the same type of
campaigns
sermon help you out if you enjoyed the
video like it share tell people about it
thank you very much